README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

clean up, adding license, updating README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/assets/Logo.png" alt="Logo" width="200" height="auto">
</div>

# Locafy
Locafy is a desktop music player designed to help you easily manage and store your local music collection. With an integrated YouTube downloader powered by [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp?tab=readme-ov-file), you can seamlessly download and enjoy your favorite tracks directly from YouTube.

# Installation
To install Locafy, download the [setup binary]((https://github.com/jayzk/Local-Music-Player/releases)) and run the installer to get started.

# Technologies
Locafy was built using Electron and Vite. Electron enables us to harness the power of web technologies like HTML, CSS, and TypeScript for creating cross-platform desktop applications. Node.js handles the backend functionality, while SQLite serves as the local database. The frontend is developed using React and Tailwind, ensuring a responsive and user-friendly interface. To enhance development speed and efficiency, we used Vite, which streamlined the build process and provided faster updates during development.

# TO-DO list for Locafy
- Fix cross-platform support
- Add a feature to create playlists
- Add more search capabilities
